Add kubeadm to “Install Tools” (#24585)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/_index.md

you need to do to get up and running with `kind`.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/" role="button" aria-label="View kind Quick Start Guide">View kind Quick Start Guide</a>

## kubeadm

> [`Kubeadm`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm) is a tool built to provide best-practice "fast paths" for creating Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: We should link to the installing kubeadm guide at k8s.io instead.

Author: Do you mean change "https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm" to "/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/" ? 

If so, I still think here link to "https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm" is more suitable. 🤔

> [`Kubeadm`](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm) is a tool built to provide best-practice "fast paths" for creating Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kubeadm" text="kubeadm" >}} tool to create and manage Kubernetes clusters.
```

Author: ok, learn it :)

It performs the actions necessary to get a minimum viable, secure cluster up and running in a user friendly way.

> [`Quick Install`](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) show you how to install `kubeadm`.

Reviewer 2: I checked the title of the page this links to. I think it should be:
```suggestion
[Installing kubeadm](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) show you how to install `kubeadm`.
```

Reviewer: please also change to:
> shows you how to install kubeadm.

- ^ no quotes around "kubeadm"
- show -> shows

Author: ok

> [`Quick Intall`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) show you how to install `kubeadm`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`Quick Install`](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) show you how to install `kubeadm`.
```

Author: thx! done

> And After install, you can use it to [create you clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/create-cluster-kubeadm/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once installed, you can use it to [create a cluster](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/create-cluster-kubeadm/).
```

Author: thx! done
